
Where I left off/to do:
    SpyDrNet:
        Talk about a DRC for SpyDrNet. What could we do?
        work on getter cheat sheet
        Test to check netlists?? For case sensitive stuff.
            look through, if found two names that are the same just different cases, pass a warning.
            see check_netlist.py
        Clean up spydrnet front page. Now Verilog is supported. Is vo and vqm also supported??
        fix float demo netlist. It keeps messing things up. remove the messed up line.
        add visualizer module in spydrnet. It displays hierarchy, netlists, definitions, instances, other helpful info.
            that might be cool.
        in the example netlist readme, explain what each netlist is
    Documentation:
        add stuff about tarjan and scc and everything in find_voter_insertion_points
        Get Andrew's partial tmr and dwc scripts and add them to repo.
            where to add them...examples? what about the netlists? support files for examples? 
        add talk about putting voters in feedback
        combined organ example 
        add info about how we're doing projects on the spydrnet wiki
        more examples
    Testing:
        there is lots of testing using the drc for edif netlists but not verilog. work on that.
        try tmr and the drc's with verilog netlists
    DRC:   
        instead of having one dictionary full of the non leafs, make dictionaries inside of dictionaries?
            if it could shave time off, it's probably worth it. 
            So we have the href, and we can jump down into non leaf dictionaries until we get down to the right leafs?
        add number of instances checked to the output of the drc's?
        add check in drc_insert_organs to make sure there are no rogue organs that are in the design and shouldn't be there.
            also test to make sure each organ outputs to something. If not, that ain't right. 
            If no wire, nope.
            If nothing on other end of wire, nope. Or maybe it's okay?
        To speed up the DRC more, maybe get each non leaf in port and get what it drives and add that as the driver. so we visit get_previous less.
            check_netlist.py to check for weird case stuff in netlists. 
        instead of changing the current DRC, 
            add another check to make sure wires not inputting to organs are connected to only their own domain.
                another way to do it is make sure each instance outputs to only his domain (unless it's an organ)
    Other:
        bug in get_hpins for the adder pins? try getting drivers in adder without uniquifying.
            why is it doing that? wire.pins is fine, but not get_hpins
        add get_href as an attribute of each element. it'll return the hierarchical reference of that object.
        insert_organs
            maybe have it check to see if the wire is driven by something replicated,
                if not replicated, don't insert organ and print something. cause it's pointless.
                look at driver, if inner pin, check to see if port in replicas
                                if outer pin, check to see if instance in replicas
        what is sticky detector? It looks like it uses the clock so it'll not change until clock edges. so it's 'sticky'
        add merge_wire function that will merge two wires (move all pins to the other and trash the one)
        run andy's fiate script again and check connections
    Working on:
        Get Andrew's partial tmr and dwc scripts and add them to repo.
        some stuff in the spydrnet tmr tutorial is better and should be moved to shrec.
        remove stuff about johnson paper about scc's? Or is it okay to leave it ?
        make sure test drc insert organs fail uses a netlist that will have organs.
        SpyDrNet_SHREC Dependent
        pylint in github actions
        fix broken reduction voters in fancy algorithm
        General Voter good? 
        Add pylint
        in ben's find reduction voter points, check each non leaf. If it's output is disconnected, put reduction voter on its inner pin of the output.


Other algorithm:
    Implement a feedback voter insertion that does not place all three triplicate voters at the same cut point. A paper that andres found cuts all feedback with voters and triplicates the voters but places the triplicates at different points along the feedback path. Doing so may alleviate common cause and single point failures. See Issue #13
        Find every feedback point. Find what is in the path.
        get the flip flop, get its driver, get that driver, and follow that up until we hit the flip flop
        Do a special insertion algorithm that will insert voters at different cut points in the feedback path.
        One way to start this is to put one before the ff, and one after the ff.
        SEE NEW_ALGORITHM
        we find some feedback paths. we give that path to insert organs
            we recognize it as a list and do special stuff
            divide length of path by number of replicas (3)
            then jump that many steps between voters. 
            at each step, insert a voter and have it output to one domain. switch of domains.
            or do a complex/reduction insert by giving the source and sink.
                be sure to give the sink of different domains
            ****IT seems to be working